Notate that extended components use camel casing (#589)
react-spring/react-three-fiber: api.md

#### Using 3rd-party objects declaratively

> The `extend` function extends three-fibers catalogue of JSX elements.
> Much like any primitive, components added to the catalog via `extend` are expected to use camel casing.

Reviewer: Thanks for following up on this. I had small changes to wording to reduce redundancy.
```suggestion
The `extend` function extends three-fiber's catalogue of JSX elements. Components added this way can then be referenced in the scene-graph using camel casing similar to other primitives.
```
